---
layout: post
title: "Passive Income from NFTs: How to Make Passive Income with NFTs?"
author: Robert
image: "/images/posts/passive-income-nft.jpeg"
category: nft
---

Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) are one-of-a-kind cryptographic assets that reflect ownership of a physical or intangible item and, as a result, serve as a store of value in the cryptographic world. The NFT increases in value in proportion to the rarity of the item. But what's more essential is that they are blockchain-based assets that can be staked in the same way that other cryptocurrencies can be in order to generate significant profits.

This year, the term "NFT" has become the talk of the town, very literally. It was selected the 'word of the year' by the Collins Dictionary. Although not the first of its sort to enable proven digital asset ownership, NFT has acquired appeal not just because it is the first, but also because it has the potential to earn significant profits.
To provide an example, the WhenStaking platform developed by Onessus Blockchain Systems, located in the United States, was able to lock in $2 million of its native cryptocurrency, VOID, in 9,000 staked NFTs within the first month of operation. The NFTs have now increased in value to a total of $3 million.
<h2>NFTs and Passive Income Explained!</h2>
NFTs are digital tokens that are stored on the blockchain. These tokens provide you the ability to own digital goods like as art, music, and even real estate in the metaverse, allowing you to diversify your portfolio. In the world of finance, passive income is defined as money obtained with little or no effort and requiring little or no upkeep. As blockchain technology advances, users will be able to make passive income by investing in non-fungible tokens (NFTs). Take a look at some of the most successful NFT passive income examples listed below.
<h2>1. Staking NFTs to Earn Passive Income</h2>
Staking your NFTs is a terrific method to generate passive income from the comfort of your own home. Staking is the act of pledging your NFTs to a blockchain network in exchange for bitcoin, which you may subsequently trade, swap, sell, or collect. Staking is a common practise in the cryptocurrency world. You are unable to sell or transfer your NFTs while they remain staked. It is necessary to lock up a specific proportion of tokens in order to execute transactions swiftly and enhance the security of the network. Because of the promise of a return in the form of cryptocurrency, NFT holders are encouraged to stake their NFTs in order to develop the network.

Staking is one of the most popular passive income ideas for NFTs because investors retain ownership rights to their NFTs while also earning an income from their NFTs. Staking is one of the most popular passive income ideas for NFTs because investors retain ownership rights to their NFTs while also earning an income from their NFTs. This passive income approach has a disadvantage in that the price of your asset may decrease dramatically while it is staked and you are unable to sell it, causing you to incur severe financial loss. Staking, on the other hand, is a terrific approach to earn a yield if you want to retain your NFTs for a long period of time.
<h2>2. Renting Out NFTs to Make Passive Income</h2>
Currently, one of the most popular NFT passive income trends is the rental of NFTs to gamers! There are currently a plethora of games in which gamers may rent NFTs, which help to improve their overall gaming experience. These NFTs may include weapons that assist players in defeating formidable foes, equipment that assist them in scaling a mountain or building a home, and skins that enhance the appearance of players' characters.

The best part about this method is that it completely automates the transaction process via the use of smart contracts. If you just input the length of time you want to rent out your NFT and the price you are willing to charge, the blockchain will automatically locate you a renter, making it a fantastic passive income opportunity for novices. Gaming experts believe that in the near future, big games will have NFTs, and that renting or buying them will be required if you want to get the most enjoyment out of a game.

As the price of NFTs continues to grow, many gamers will be unable to afford to get one. This is where you may make a significant return on your investment by renting them out. This is a win-win situation for everyone involved, as the players get to fully enjoy their game while you get to generate a 100% passive income via your NFT. The disadvantage of this technique is that if your NFT can only be utilised in one game, and that game loses popularity, there may not be anybody wanting to rent your NFT at that point in time. This is why you should purchase NFTs that have several applications and are well-known enough that many game developers will want to use them in their game.
<h2>3. Earn a Passive Income via NFT Royalties</h2>
NFT royalties are a fantastic method to get a passive income while doing nothing. In many ways, NFT royalties are the same as royalties for other types of creative goods, such as music, films, and painting. Every time someone uses or sells your NFT, they are required to pay you a share of the proceeds. The fantastic thing about these royalties is that they are integrated into a smart contract, which means that every time a transaction is conducted on the blockchain, you will earn your royalty by default!

The most frequent kind of NFT royalty is a percentage that is paid every time an NFT is sold. This is the most common type of NFT royalty. The most often seen royalty rate is between 5 percent and 10 percent. Consider the following scenario: if your NFT is sold for $5,000 and you have a 10% royalty, you will get $500. Your royalty payments will continue to be paid to you every time your NFT is sold, and the amount of these passive income payments will increase over time as the value of the asset increases.
<h2>Conclusion</h2>
Using your passive income calculator, you can immediately see that the returns you can expect from NFTs are far greater than the returns you can expect from classic passive investments such as shares or real estate. If you use the tactics we offer, you will be well on your way to automating your passive income in a short time!
