---
layout: post
title: "Best NFT Coins: 5 Most Popular NFT Coins & How to Buy Them"
author: Robert
image: "/images/posts/best-nft-coin-2022.jpeg"
category: nft
---

The most important takeaways are as follows:</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>NFT coins are rising in popularity as a result of the success of NFTs, and are attracting the attention of both investors and traders.</li>
 	<li>These NFT coins play an important part in the play-to-earn economy of NFT as well as the developing metaverse.</li>
 	<li>Throughout this post, we will introduce you to some of the most popular NFT currencies, as well as how they are being used within the metaverse's ecosystem.</li>
 	<li>Learn how to include popular NFT currencies into your portfolio in order to obtain exposure to the rapidly expanding NFT market.</li>
</ul>
The development and economics of NFT and metaverse initiatives are supported by the use of NFT currencies. Here are the top 5 most popular NFT currencies, as well as information on how to purchase them on Binance.

From the time they first appeared on the cryptographic landscape, NFTs have seen rapid expansion, whether in terms of acceptance rate, creation rate, or application. NFTs have made their way into the mainstream media and near-future innovations such as the metaverse in a very short period of time. The growth of NFT applications and utility enables NFT holders to have access to and unlock intriguing opportunities as a result of the increase of NFT applications and utility. NFT coins are hard at work behind the scenes to support NFTs, and they have lately gained notice for their role in facilitating the formation, transaction, and economics of the metaverse, among other things. Throughout this post, we'll go over what NFT coins are, how they vary from NFTs, some of the most popular NFT token selections, and how you can purchase them on Binance to diversify your holdings in the NFT market.

The Binance platform is home to a diverse collection of NFT tokens and other tools aimed at assisting users in their pursuit of financial independence. Enroll in the NFT market now and have access to popular NFT coins as well as opportunities to profit from them.
<h2>What Are NFT Coins and How Do They Work? Hint: They Aren’t NFTs.</h2>
NFT currencies, which are not to be confused with NFTs themselves, are any cryptocurrency coins that are used to sustain NFT ecosystems. For example, Axie Infinity is an NFT blockchain game that makes use of its native currency, AXS, to support staking and voting in order to keep the play-to-earn economy running smoothly. As a result, AXS is the NFT currency for Axie Infinity. NFT currencies like as AXS, SLP, and SAND assist decentralised apps with a range of critical services, ranging from serving as an in-game money to allowing users to cast ballots in elections. NFT coins, like any other cryptocurrency, may be traded or invested in just like any other.

Because NFT coins are fungible, they vary from NFTs in the most significant sense. Non-fungible tokens, also known as non-fungible tokens, represent ownership rights to unique digital or real-world assets, whereas fungible tokens, also known as fungible coins, represent ownership rights to fungible assets that can be traded or exchanged for another non-fungible token of the same value. As previously said, NFT coins are the token currencies that serve as the fuel for the economies of NFT initiatives.
<h2>5 Popular NFT Coins to Add to Your Portfolio</h2>
NFT tokens have a wide range of applications in the metaverses of projects, ranging from serving as a means of trade to serving as staking incentives to being used for in-game transactions. Below, we've listed the top 5 most popular NFT coins currently accessible on the Binance market, along with the pricing of NFT currencies based on the exchange's starting price on February 22nd, 2022.
<h3>MANA</h3>
Users may produce content, experience it, and monetize it on Decentraland (MANA), a virtual reality real estate platform that enables them to develop, test, and market apps.

LAND NFTs and other digital assets on Decentraland can be purchased with MANA, which is a cryptocurrency. Decentraland developers may also employ MANA to incentivise the construction of virtual buildings, experiences, theme parks, and other entities in Decentraland. MANA tokens may also be used to pay for a variety of avatars, wearables, names, and other items in the Decentraland marketplace, such as hats and other accessories.

As of February 22, 2022, Decentraland (MANA) is priced at $2.79 per token and has a market capitalization of $4.48 million.
<h3>SAND</h3>
Sand is the primary utility token and medium of exchange in the Sandbox ecosystem, enabling players to own, construct, and monetize their game experiences. It is also the most widely used cryptocurrency in the world.

Playing games allows players to earn SAND, which they can then spend on other activities such as purchasing equipment or customising their avatars. As an alternative, creators may use SAND to purchase assets such as land or post their creations to The Sandbox Marketplace. SAND token holders have the ability to participate in governance choices as well as stake SAND tokens in order to gain rewards.

As of February 22, 2022, the Sandbox (SAND) is valued at $3.22 per share, with a market capitalization of $3.18 million.
<h3>AXS</h3>
Axie Infinity is a blockchain-based trade and battle game in which Axies, the in-game NFT characters, serve as the main protagonists.

AXS is the native governance token for the Axie world, and it may be used to transfer funds between accounts. AXS token holders are eligible for incentives if they stake their tokens, engage in games, or vote in critical governance votes. The Axie NFT marketplace will take AXS as payment in exchange for goods and services.

As of February 22, 2022, Axie Infinity (AXS) is valued at $53.46 per share, with a market capitalization of $2.90 million.
<h3>GALA</h3>
Gala Games' native token, GALA, is a player-owned blockchain gaming platform that offers a variety of blockchain games. GALA is a utility token. Players that possess non-fungible tokens (NFTs) have the ability to affect the governance of games inside the Gala Games ecosystem. The GALA token may be used to purchase things, upgrades, and other in-game assets, and it also serves as the game's governance token, according to the official website.

Gala Games (GALA) is priced at $0.25 per share, with a market capitalization of $1.55 million as of February 22, 2022.
<h3>ENJ</h3>
Enjin coin is a project of Enjin, a business that aims to provide blockchain gaming solutions that make it simple for anybody to produce, trade, monetize, and promote their goods using blockchain. Enjin coin is a cryptocurrency created by Enjin. ENJ is a digital store of value that is used to underpin the value of blockchain assets such as NFTs, allowing in-game goods to be traded on the open market.

Enjin Coin (ENJ) is currently trading at $1.54 with a market capitalization of $1.19 million as of February 22, 2022.

*This ranking is based on market capitalization and does not imply a suggestion or endorsement by Binance to purchase or sell any particular currency.
<h2>How to Buy NFT Coins in 2 Simple Steps</h2>
<strong>Step 1: Deposit Fiat</strong>

Binance accepts fiat deposits made via e-wallet transfers or bank transfers only. Make sure to look into the fiat channels that are accessible for the chosen currencies. Read this post on How to Deposit USD using SWIFT if you want a more in-depth explanation.

Optional: Convert the fiat currency to BUSD or USDT in order to be able to trade a wider range of cryptocurrencies.

<strong>Step 2: Purchase NFT Coin</strong>

Make a transaction using your wallet or directly with your credit/debit card to get your first NFT coin.
<h2>Conclusion</h2>
NFT coins are becoming more essential in the context of the emergence of NFTs and the metaverse, particularly in ecosystems where transactions and play economies are prevalent. As more projects and users join the fray, NFT coins' use cases and liquidity will continue to expand, as will their availability. Consider include NFT coins in your trading portfolio or as a long-term investment in your financial portfolio. And, as usual, remember to DYOR before making any NFT currency purchases or committing to any of them.
